# 111621 - General Meeting

## Attendance 
Chris, Mihir, Sarayu, Vincent, Jimmy, Luke, Esther

(yunha told us he would be absent)

## Changes to team:
- 3 for each
- UI/UX
  - Esther, Yunha, Sarayu
- Backend
  - Mihir, Luke, Chris
- CI/CD + QA
  - Jimmy, Vincent +1
	
## UI/UX: Sarayu, Esther, Yunha
- going to be meeting wednesday 
- want all of the frontend wireframe done
  - doesn't have to look pretty, just functional
  - generate cards from data (work to be done with backend later)
- giving update to TA on Saturday
	
## CICD pipeline: Vincent, Jimmy, +1? 
- giving update to TA by Friday
  - once this is done, move and help with backend

## Backend: Mihir, Luke, Chris
- getting modular code
- creating a wrapper for the api
  - have a very specific input/output
- look at feature lists and start from that
- giving update to TA by Friday
	
## Sprint 
- focus on what we've done so far implementation wise
- what we need to do, what we've done, what we didnt do
- what went right, what went wrong, what can we do in sprint 2 to improve things
- more communication


### STUFF FROM LABS NEED TO BE CITED IF WE USE THEM IN OUR CODE
- Even then, don't copy directly (explicit notification)
	
## THINGS TODO
- QA/Backend
  - implementing 
  - heroku, firebase, netlify, etc
- UI/UX
  - finishing wireframe to html
- Backend
  - wrapping API
  - looking into local stuff
- Team leads
  - update project board
- Send chris picture/docs for sprint review
